We straight gassing cutting straight to the bricks.
hahaha this shit ain't nothing to me man.
We smoking runts.
Shorty got a BBL, took that shit out because she couldn't run.
I had to do it to them SNIPE, I went judge Judy on that pussy SNIPE.
I'm not loyal to anybody I'm a demon, I have no loyalty to anyone. Never did, never will.
Shorty chose to be with a demon sounds like her problem to me haha.
This shit ain't nothing to me man, my money longer than James Cameron.
On and off the corpse straight fundamentals, no funny business, this shit ain't nothing to me man.
Moving like Dracula we get it back in blood.
You see it? I really did this. I'm really him.
Flipped a whole brick into an empire stop playing with me.
I have no sympathy, I live for this shit, this shit ain't nothing to me man.
I'm nice with it, haha, my money long, my pockets deep, no pocket watching in these parts, we straight gassing cutting straight to the bricks.
That pussy better stank otherwise I don't want it.
Popped a perc 30 got straight to fucking.
That pussy deuce, smoking fentanyl lace cereal milk, I see God.
This shit ain't nothing to me man, that pussy got me screaming, crying, pissing, shitting, shooting ropes.
Yeah we getting that Pirate Bay alien shish kebab cordycep money.
I hope that them aliens are real so that I have more things to fuck.
Smoking the Qui-Gon Jinn Vietnamese Phillips head runts.
She sucked me like a cordless Dyson V8.
I'm in the k-hole licking balloon knot.
When I got the meat cannon I'd be shooting straight rope.
This shit ain't nothing to me man.
Schnell optics got me seeing shit, I need fentanyl slime.
I just popped a whole garbanzo bean, fuck you mean?
I smoke real Emrani rapscallion ghost nuggets, y'all can't fuck with me.
I'm him, I've been him, I will continue to be him.
Yellow rubies glistening like piss.
Gulping sea monkeys by the gallon, my tummy feel crazy.
That coochie yummy slime.
That coochie doing it for me slime.
They thought they could stop a demon I'm back. the Zaza got me speaking Esperanto.
This shit ain't nothing to me man. we out here cloud seeding, the scope gleaming.
You can't trust me, I don't even trust myself.
I don't know who I am anymore, I'm getting too much money.
Ass so fat.
I'm peaking off this Danny Phantom slime, can you remind me who I am?
Get the president on the phone now, I fronted him a brick. I need my money.
Hello? Black China?
I’m moving different.
This shit ain’t nothing to me man.
I’m a dog. I’m biting the fart bubbles in the bath.
We smoking Symbiotes.
Smoking that Whoopi Goldberg South Egyptian fur burger Deluxe Mega Millions scratcher skunk bubba kush.
We smoking dung beetle.
I’m on 12 vicodins, smoking on Scooby-Doo dick.
We smoking Sequoia banshee boogers.
We snorting that good Buffalo Soldier tamarind Jordanian gibbies.
They must have amnesia, they forgot that I’m him.
That Burberry backwoods pack hitting that pussy smell like a Hellcat V8.
We smoking shit in a glass pipe, blowing the Lord’s bubbles.
I’m sick in the head.
I’m on them Broward county Tic-Tacs.
I’m on them Georgetown Geronimoes.
I’m on them Nashville nibblers.
I left my Margiela’s in the Benz trunk, I’ll have to stunt on them next time.
I don't give a fuck if I go blind, I don’t need to see the price tag anyways.
I’m high on 12 Jason Bournes, looking to beat the cum out of a thick, fresh oak.
We smoking filtered crack you stupid piece of shit, I’ll fucking kill you.
Call that pussy The Matrix, cause I’m in this bitch and I can’t get out.
Last guy who ran off on the pack got choked out by some Givenchy gloves. The last thing he ever saw was the price tag on them.
Slowly faded into darkness, and I let the archangels take him.
I need more Sequoia banshee boogers.
Don’t be shy girl, I love me some Pastrami mudflaps.
I'm moving like French Montana, HEH?
Welcome to the cream kingdom bitch, open up, Black Chine, I drink her piss out of another man's balls.
My shooter a crackhead, he look like Woody Harrelson.
You ain't seen 10 bands in your life jit, reach for my neck, you'll get turned into an example.
Y'all gotta stop playing with me man.
I threw diamonds at the strip clubs under the great pyramids. I pushed a camel through the eye of a needle. This shit ain't nothing to me man.
Tied the opps to the back of a Trackhawk and dragged them around the block for 24 hours.
Motherfucker look like a Resident Evil 5 campaign extra after we was done with em.
Ops wanted some initiative, blew up their entire quadrent, I'm moving like oppenheimer.
She dropped that ass on me from an egregarious angle, they thought I was Steven Wallace.
Top shelf zaza, disrupted my circadian rhythm.
I have seen the Magna Carta, I have the seen the eye of horror.
I was flipping bricks for Mansa Musa before y'all even became a type I civilization.
This shit ain't nothing to me you stupid piece of shit.
Step the wrong way and you will perish.
That pussy feel like Biscoff Butter.
You think I care about this shit? Ask me if I care about this shit, cause I don't give a shit.
If I had a dollar for every time they said I gave a shit, I'd be broke cause I don't give a shit.
My bitch look like David Hasselhoff.
I balled so hard they thought I was a fucking nutsack.
This shit ain't nothing to me man, I'll kill you, you stupid piece of shit.
This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
Haters in shambles, they stay pickin' the corn out of my shit.
This Smith & Wesson got me movin' like an invasive species.
I got Midas touch fuck-boy.
Bitch so bad I made her shit in my chopped cheese.
I'm at the bank about to withdraw all of it.
These Valentinos are from Milan, you fucking idiot.
That Fentanyl gave me Vitruvian Man flexibility, got me in a state of rigor mortis.
Caught a broke boy trying to come up on my Amazon package, so I skinned his ass alive. Ah!
We smoking Serg Ibaka spinal fluid-infused quick-release percs.
She spread it and let me take a deep snip of that Mahi Mahi.
I gave that pussy a raspberry.
They needed a stealth soldier, so I put my hands on the hibachi hot plate at Benihana and burned my fucking fingerprints off. They will not find me.
Konichiwa you little jit.
Snortin' some premium modest yahoo got me fighting for my life.
I make a nice stew out of that pussy.
Blacked out on the Percocet, ordered a Desert Eagle off Amazon.
I used to nut in my socks until the crust smelled sweet, I ain't never goin' back.
Hidden Valley Ranch ice cream cake in my fronto leaf got Subanese crystalline shards pokin' out my lungs, fuck boi.
I'm in Göbeklitepe shirtless in a loincloth, blowin' bareback asshole out smokin' aqueduct filtered sherm.
Told shorty to keep that box breathin'. Yeah, she's squeezin' the garlic.
We smokin' Java, man.
Face pressed up against that monkey sniffing for dear life.
The Cuban link will turn the diamond tester into a pipe bomb.
Glock 34 shivered his timbers.
Blew her back out usin' a mama-skin condom.
Dick pussy free-ballin' like Shaq and Kobe.
I'm smokin' Mesopotamian, Stanley Cup, triple award-winning, soul bleeder, taint blaster, JD Power Associates, dingleberry zaza.
We smokin' that IBM quantum computer.
I can't wait to curb stomp you in these dumb ugly-ass Rick Owen shoes.
I'm Dracula. I'm 12 million years old.
When I hit it from behind the room smells like absolute meechie. They said I wouldn't shit on them, I spread my cheeks and hit him with an absolute screamer.
Little bro was emaciated. The percs done ate little cuzo ass up.
These cops are interrogating me about an ounce of weed as if I didn't kill an Applebee's hostess two miles away.
I come from a long bloodline of Italian leather.
My Bottegas have veins pumpin' through them.
Smokin' indigenous fronto leaf in a bacon, egg and cheese.
hashtag Le Chemin du Roi.
Eyes bloodshot, leanin' up against the wall, beaten off to my Chrome Hearts boots.
Opps was talkin' crazy. Shot 'em in the mouth.
My Audemars Piguet worth the GDP of Yemen.
If this watch breaks, the foreign exchange market will take a 28% hit. People will die..
My diamonds come from the most horrific situations possible.
Slurpin' a quick release perc off the plate like a pinto bean.
I keep my Glock at the Vatican.
She squirt on me I love being covered in the chi-chi manga.
They're sick in the head. They forgot I'm him.
I'm the him-ulation.
I am Him Kardashian, Himbuktu, Himon and Pumbaa.
I got my DNA test back, turns out I'm a hundred percent Himalayan.
Fuck it. I ate the opp.
She let me hit it, that gash sound like salmon row.
You ran off with the Diddy Kong, triple espresso, personal hotspot, stem gripper runs.
There are consequences to your crimes against Dracula.
Get shorty outta here. She's built like a Jay Electronica verse.
I swear vezzo said it best, I'm a mud baby. I can't stop.
I have more percs than there are stars in the Leo cluster.
I'm claiming every corner, every block.
Fuck it. I'm coming for every enzyme.
Snortin' dexy, eatin' skate right outta the lake.
Opp was sneak dissin' on the Gram turned his city into Pompeii.
These ain't no mall mange, you ugly bastard.
They want to drive a wooden stake into my heart for pullin' my cock out at the Toronto Blue Jays game. All I'm saying is I paid for the tickets.
My Ducati leather trench coat bright red.,I look like 10 million crawdads fuckin'.
That elite pussy turned me into a radical.
I'm movin' lucrative.
I'm in the pod smokin' sa-boo-ba, smokin' that good shoo-be-doo-wa.
I'm fucked up in the crib listening to Trill Sammy.
I'm on the Ivory Coast eating vermilion snapper.
War is all I think about.
I've never been scared in my life, jit. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
I need my percs! I need my percs! One perc is never enough.
Popped a Brazilian butt berserker and had that pussy screechin' like a harpy eagle.
I'm smokin' that shit that makes the toes curl.
I'm doin' a lotta drugs, a lot.
Walked along the sand dunes of the Sahara Desert for 40 days and 40 nights with nothin' but a pack of Newports and a fifth of Henny.
I really do this shit.
I'm startin' to get real pissed off.
What the fuck is Obamacare? Hey Obama, I don't care about shit. Look at this shit.
I sold crack to myself, spun around the block so many times they thought it was fuckin' Minecraft.
We smokin' that Boomhauer.
Chocked his goofy ass out with a BB Simon belt.
She wanted Dick, but I gave her crack.
I'm smokin' lizard taint, sniffing monkey. It's Monkey Monday. Show me that monkey.
Ah! I'm gettin' too much money.
I'm fucked up drinkin' a Chinese Modelo.
I'm smokin' on that hush puppy limón.
Broke boy wasn't ballin' enough, welcome to the Wong Dong Tigers.
These Ferragamo's are real, cunt.
I got more sticks than a fucking forest.
I have the blueprint to the catacombs.
Pop four flimflams at KOD came out with hepatitis.
This shit ain't nothing to me, man. I'll fuckin' kill you.
I smoked a new opp. His meat came right off the bones.
The first time I smoked runts, I coughed so fuckin' hard, I started passin' kidney stones, then shat myself in front of the gang.
There was scat all over the pounds we shipped out for the next 30 business days.
I don't have any compassion for broke boys, everybody has an asshole. Most people have dick and balls. Go outside and get a bag!
I knew the perc was fake, but I still ate it because I'm a gremlin.
I'll air this bitch out like I shit in it.
I took two Limitless pills to limit myself.
I got so much cheese in my pocket, they thought I was a fuckin' calzone.
That pussy balter than Halley Mandel.
Crashed the Benz truck, sip some mud, everything felt alright.
Popped a bean, now I want to kill someone.
Yeah, I drill with my mask off.
I'm moving like Gilbert Arenas, snippin' white phosphorus.
The Vatican wants to wet me up with silver bullets, but I'm on a goddamn samurai pill.
I'm a real creature, I'll spin the block.
Huffin' spores, to see tomorrow's stock market, lungs lookin' crazy.
Rollin' the ol' flesh cigar around your fingertips.
Boy ran off with a Banjo Kazooie. I had to cast a spell on that motherfucker.
I got strands of RNA in my hookah. Every puff is an insult to God.
The dust pack got me doing the third-world stare.
This zaza will give you a 2019 Alex Caruso hairline.
Chopper small and sturdy, built like Wilmer Balderama.
I let her hit the zaza just to buy her a bit more time, but all she wanted to do was fuck my brains out, then euthanize herself.
Dehydrated the soot between her ass cheeks and snorted that shit through my eyelids.
Trackhawks sound like game seven, YAHOO.
I'll give you that fluoride stare.
Pussy so tight I had to scissor her ass.
This Henny got me feelin' crazy. This Henny got me wantin' to shit. This Henny got me feelin' like DDG.
My bitch pussy fatter than druski.
Drink man, please! I'm thirsty.
I'm ready I'm trying to pull up.
Drank man, please!
This Henny making me want to go to the mall and do something crazy.
If Santa come down my chimney I'm going to fuck him.
